[Subtitles in the making and will be available soon]
Lu Si Yu.
Lu Si-woo.
Si-woo.
Haimeng.
Don't go down.
Hai Meng.
If we
never met,
If you were not
in my life,
Haimeng.
I really
really love you.
Haimeng.
Hang in there.
Please wait.
Haimeng.
Everything will be fine.
Didn't you
to Yunhai International?
Isn't it today?
a board meeting today?
Why are you back?
Where's Si-woo?
Where's my brother?
What's that look?
I'm asking you.
Where is Lu Si Yu?
Si-woo...
It's gone.
What do you mean?
Si-woo.
Si-woo!
Haimeng.
How are you?
Are you okay?
Where's Si-woo?
Haimeng.
Your lungs are full of water.
Haimeng, you can't move.
I don't need it.
Calm down.
I'm fine.
I'm really fine.
You can't go.
Call the police.
Haimeng.
Haimeng!
Let go of me!
Hai Meng.
Don't go, Hai Meng.
Let go of me!
You can't go.
Let go!
Let go of me!
Si Yu is gone.
Ye Bochen.
What's wrong with Si Yu?
What's wrong with him?
Haimeng.
Si-woo fell into the sea
is the most dangerous place in the dark.
Everyone jumped down to save them,
but only you.
Si-woo was taken away.
Police! Rescue! Emergency ship!
They're all here.
for almost two hours.
I'm afraid
He...
He has...
Impossible.
You're lying.
Haimeng.
Impossible.
Doctor.
Haimeng.
Doctor!
Doctor.
Haimeng.
What do you mean?
It's gone.
Dad.
What do you mean?
What happened?
Uncle Mo.
Tell me clearly.
What's wrong with my brother?
Why didn't he come back
with you?
Uncle Mo.
Tell me, Uncle Mo.
Si Yue.
Tell me.
Don't do this.
Say something, Uncle Mo.
What's wrong with my brother?
Don't do this.
Take it easy.
How can I take my time?
My brother.
Why did he
suddenly disappear?
Why?
Enough.
I haven't seen you
care about him.
Something happened.
Just stay here.
and yell
your father.
That's all.
He's gone.
He asked for it.
and jumped off.
Dad.
How could you say that?
Si Nam is me.
My half-brother.
Si-woo is my half-brother.
who grew up together.
Yes.
I know
always favors your brother and brother.
But it doesn't mean
I don't have them in my heart.
Si-woo is in trouble.
How could you say that?
Without Si-woo,
nothing happened?
Life and death
is his choice.
Dad.
I, Lu Changdong,
have two good sons.
One is in the notarized will.
in the notarized will.
One
for the sake of the family,
He chose to jump into the sea.
Okay.
You all like to die, right?
Then all of you will die!
I, Lu Changdong,
I don’t need a son.
I don't need a daughter.
or family.
You are my burden.
Baggage.
Loser!
Dad!
Dad.
Si Yue.
Haimeng.
I brought your favorite.
Doctor.
Nurse!
What's wrong?
Didn't I tell you to watch Hai Meng?
Where is she?
The doctor asked me to sign it.
I thought I'd be back in two minutes.
Don't worry.
Let's find someone first.
Si-woo.
Where are you?
I'll pick you up.
Si-woo.
Come back soon.
I'll wait for you under my tree.
I will wait for you to come back.
Come back.
Tell me.
you will come back.
Jie.
Go to the fire station now.
Haist Rescue Bureau.
Go pick up Si-woo.
To pick up Si-woo.
Mr. Feynn.
Could you please
find Si-woo for me?
He fell into the sea.
But I know he must be alive.
He must be alive.
Can you help me find him?
Haimeng.
Ling Ke.
You came at the right time.
I sent
to Si-woo.
but he didn't reply.
Can you
call him
Help me find him.
Hai Meng.
Don't do this, Hai Meng.
Ling Ke.
Where's your phone?
Where is your phone?
Hai Meng.
Haimeng, wake up.
Lu Si Yu fell into the sea.
Haist Rescue and Fire Team
I searched him all day.
He's gone.
He disappeared.
No way.
Si-woo won't disappear.
He promised me
he would come back.
He will always be with me.
Si-woo said
he would come back
he'll come back.
I'll call Si-woo.
Hai Meng.
Haimeng, wake up.
Stop lying to yourself.
Lu Siyu has...
Ling Ke.
It's Si Yu.
Hai Meng.
It's me.
Do you remember
the night
that night,
did I ask you
three requests?
At that time,
my third request
is still empty.
Now,
I'm going to use this number three.
The last request
is
Ye Haimeng.
Live.
No matter what happens,
no matter how hard it is,
please remember
how you survived
from that disaster?
How did you
to come back?
I hope
even when I'm not around,
you are still brave and firm.
and live freely
and live freely.
Haimeng.
I love you very much.
If you want to cry,
just cry.
How did it go?
Did you find him?
Any news about Si-woo?
Is he saved?
Where's Dad?
Leave Dad alone.
Tell me the news first.
Dad is in the study, right?
I'll talk to dad first.
Tell me first.
Did you find Si-woo?
Is he saved?
Si Yue.
I'm not telling you in detail.
I don't want you to be sad.
Officer, help!
[Withdraw search]
Three days and three nights.
But apart from
Si-woo's jacket,
nothing else.
The most experienced
The rescue captain said
the sea where Si-woo fell
is the most ferocious sea of the dark stream.
When Si-woo falls,
It's like the tide.
After he fell down, he was gone.
Rescue team.
It's lucky that
to find Ye Haimeng.
It's past
the golden time for rescue.
Si-woo.
I'm afraid...
Si Yue.
But I don't believe it.
I don't believe Si-woo just left.
He didn't leave a word.
Not a word.
to me.
he wouldn't leave like this.
Although he was naughty
and doesn't call me sister,
But he is my brother.
My brother.
Whether we fight,
or fight,
Even if I complain in this house,
parents value sons more than daughters.
They complain that my mom doesn't love me.
I complained that in this house,
I have my brother Lu Si Nan,
and my brother Lu Si Yu.
I'm the most
in this family.
who was neglected.
But I hope
they can live.
I hope my brother
can live forever.
Si Yue.
Don't think like that.
In this house,
no one looks down on you.
Whether it's Si-woo,
Si Nam.
They all treat you
as their closest family.
Is there any other way?
Honey.
Is there any way
to save Si Yu
and keep the Lu family safe.
Yes.
Let's go find Ye Haimeng.
and let us go.
We beg for peace for the Lu family.
Let my brother and brother go.
Si Yue.
It's not like that.
It has nothing to do with Ye Haimeng.
Even if you go to her,
won't solve the problem.
It will only stimulate
between the Ye family and the Lu family.
What should we do?
Then what?
I'd rather suffer at home
and be ignored by my dad.
and forgotten by my dad.
But I hope
my brother can live.
I want him to live.
Let's calm down.
Now the Lu family
in the Lu family.
We have to bear
of the Lu family.
When the Ye family
the Ye family,
Everything will pass.
Trust me.
Everything will be fine.
What took you so long?
I'll clean up the mess.
Are you going to...
Ling Ke.
is Zhang Yujie's daughter.
During his sentence,
a sudden brain hemorrhage.
A few years ago,
a few years ago.
Ling Ke picked her up.
Why didn't we
any news?
So,
what have you been busy with these years?
It's such a big matter.
about such a big thing.
Do you know
Ling Ke.
She approached Ye Haimeng on purpose.
Her purpose
is for us.
What should we do now?
What should we do?
Hurry up.
get out of this mess.
As soon as possible.
Hurry up.
to go abroad.
If you stay any longer,
if we stay here.
Wherever we go,
We'll go wherever the money is.
Okay.
Haimeng.
Are you feeling better?
Do you want to eat something?
Or
do you need me
for you?
Well,
if you want to do something,
or need anything,
call me anytime.
I'll be waiting for you.
Ye Haimeng.
Live.
No matter what happens,
no matter how hard it is,
please remember
how you
survive from that disaster?
How did you
to come back?
I hope
even when I'm not around,
you are still brave and firm.
and live freely
and live freely.
I hope I can be with you
Travel through adversity
At the end of the stars
Ke.
Come on.
I want to fight back.
According to your friend's description,
Yunhai.
The beginning of the interaction with long-distance capital
started from
from Western Asia.
This deal
was set up
from the beginning.
My dad found out
their trap
because of their trap.
That's right.
Due to the decision of the former chairman,
the clouds
fall into
by Lu Changdong.
But in the later stage,
in the later cloud.
of the large-scale funds.
Ye Yue Ji is very cunning.
For the past five years,
all the accounts
were managed perfectly.
All the money
to the land buyer?
I'm not sure about that.
What about the domestic information?
is far more exaggerated
than we thought.
Long Road Group
has developed rapidly over the past decade.
In China,
all over the country.
They made enough money.
Six years ago,
I made a hasty decision
I made a hasty decision.
But he's not capable enough to sail on a long way.
with the local government.
overseas labor overseas.
The company was forced
to
a lot of backup funds.
Later,
we met a special time.
domestic and foreign industries.
A huge investment
disappeared overnight.
That's why the long-distance domestic cash flow
and collapsed.
Not only that,
they also set foot
high-interest loans.
A legitimate channel.
Lower-level channel.
Such a huge loophole.
The legitimate channel
can't stand it.
Got it.
So six years ago,
a long road expanded overseas.
But the overall plan failed.
and the company
high interest financing.
To prevent the headquarters from falling,
Lu Changdong.
came up with a plan to harvest the clouds.
to fill the long road
to fill the long road.
That's right.
The beginning of all things
should be like this.
What's going on inside Yunhai?
We already got
Lu Si Nan's inheritance.
But due to the sudden
the notarized will
which makes the total
37 percent
is frozen again.
And
the shareholders
in the board of directors
in the seat
and control
to control you.
Also,
those branch companies
the branch companies
finance and political affairs
to the headquarters?
Haimeng.
This time,
this time?
Give me some time.
Let me think about it.
Think about
how to break the game.
I'm going back too.
and touch the effective information.
and bring it back to you.
Do you have anything else to say?
About me.
I'm sorry
I'm sorry.
Do you think
I've kept you by my side for so long.
and told you all the secrets.
Do you think I don't know who you are?
Are you sure?
She is the former financial director
former financial director,
Zhang Yujie's only daughter.
I see.
Thank you.
So from then on,
you already knew who I am.
Since I landed at the honeymoon hotel,
you've been following me.
If you didn't want to kill me,
he must have asked me for help.
But that accident
broke your plan.
In order to clear her name,
to contact
the top management of Yunhai Finance,
can only help me.
Right?
Yes.
If I'm in trouble,
I'll believe
a stranger
by my side,
I'm not qualified
to control the whole Yunhai International.
But on this journey,
I've stopped treating you
as a game in my hand.
Because of you,
because of you.
Ling Ke.
Thank you.
Haimeng.
The secret document is behind the oil painting.